well as a chaplain and as a leader. We deal with all different sorts of
problems. We get personal problems where individuals come because
they're having ah, situation at home that you're dealing with maybe
with a loved one or ah, child to professional problems that they're
trying to possibly trying t gain the next rank or for promotion and
trying to figure out the formula on what the best way to do that. Sometimes
there's interpersonal relationship problems within the command
that they're dealing with. The personality, that is, that is another
peer that they're they're serving with might be one that they're
struggling with and the conflict Israel and it's affecting your work.
So it really comes down to the gamut of the individual individuals
are serving underneath you.